Since 1953, young brothers in Korea
have been imprisoned
for refusing military service.
More than 19,000 brothers
have spent a total of 36,000 years in prison
for refusing to compromise their faith.
However, on February 28, 2019,
the last of our imprisoned brothers
was released.
For the first time in 66 years,
not one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
is in prison for refusing military service.
Brothers and sisters around the world
rejoiced at this historic legal victory.
But how was this possible?
It was Jehovah’s powerful hand at work.
He blessed
the young brothers and their families
for the faith and courage they showed.
His holy spirit strengthened them,
and he provided them
with support and encouragement
through a globally united brotherhood.
Now, let’s take a closer look
at the record of unwavering faith and courage
among the Korean brothers.
When the Korean War broke out in 1950,
the issue of conscientious objection
to military service came to the fore.
Brother Chong-il Park
was one of the first of Jehovah’s Witnesses
to refuse to compromise his faith.
In 1953, before the war was over,
I received an enlistment notice.
At the recruitment center,
I explained that my sincere conscience
would not allow me to join the military.
They took me
to a counterintelligence facility,
where I was interrogated and tortured.
Once they realized
the sincerity of my religious convictions,
I was transferred to the military police,
where a military tribunal
gave me a three-year prison sentence.
Even after the armistice in 1953,
the Korean government
continued to punish conscientious objectors.
In 1973,
under the president’s special order
to achieve 100 percent enlistment,
authorities raided Kingdom Halls
and the private homes of brothers
to forcefully enlist them.
When the officials raided the Kingdom Hall,
I was giving a public talk on the podium.
After the meeting, I said goodbye
to my family and fellow Witnesses
and told them
that I would see them in Paradise.
Then I was taken away to the military base.
The brothers
who were forcefully taken with me
were beaten mercilessly
and suffered all kinds of abuse.
As time passed,
the inhumane treatment
of our brothers enlisted against their will
became even more severe.
Between 1975 and 1985,
five brothers died because of physical abuse.
The government formally admitted
responsibility for this tragedy.
Brother Choon-gil Lee
was one of the five brothers.
was such a precious son to his mother.
At a young age,
he had to be the head of his family.
According to the records later found
by the Commission on Suspicious Deaths,
Brother Lee had been hit in the stomach
with a rod until he lost consciousness.
The officer thought he was pretending
and continued to beat him.
After realizing how bad he was hurt,
the officer tried to revive Brother Lee
by splashing water on him,
but he never woke up.
Brother Chung, you also suffered
similar hardships back then.
What helped you to endure?
The yeartext that year was Psalm 91:2:
‘Jehovah is my refuge and my stronghold.’
It felt as if it had been chosen
especially for us Korean brothers.
Our families were suffering as well.
They had no visitation rights
and were denied all contact with us,
so they didn’t know
whether we were dead or alive.
All they could do
was calm their anxious hearts
and look to Jehovah
who reassured them with the promise,
‘I will be your refuge and your stronghold.’
This was a great comfort to them.
At that time,
if we refused to enlist in the army,
some of us were imprisoned multiple times.
In my case,
I was imprisoned in 1972 and again in 1975.
Just the thought
of having to return to the same prison
was emotionally devastating.
While in prison the second time,
I received a letter
from Brother Albert Schroeder,
who was a member
of the Governing Body at the time.
I read the letter with all the brothers
who were imprisoned with me.
In it, he warmly encouraged us
by telling us that the Governing Body
and all of the brothers
around the world were praying for us.
After reading this stirring letter,
our faith in Jehovah grew stronger.
Not only were we reassured
that we were not alone
but we also gained greater strength
and courage to defend our faith.
During this time,
it was difficult
to get a fair hearing in court.
In 1982,
we were tried in a military tribunal.
The military policeman guarding us
threatened us
not to make a defense for ourselves.
On the day of the trial,
even the judicial officer
in charge of our defense said,
“It’s cold, so please go easy on them.”
That was it.
At the time,
the longest legal prison sentence
was two years.
Yet, we received a three-year sentence
without having a proper hearing
or even an explanation as to why it was long.
Did the situation improve
for the brothers over time?
When I was charged
with the maximum sentence of two years
for insubordination at a military tribunal,
there was no way for me
to make a defense for myself.
Sadly, the situation hadn’t changed at all
when my oldest son
was tried in court years later.
I was sentenced
in a military tribunal in the year 2000.
In fact, I was told that if I tried
to make a defense during the trial,
I would face retaliation afterward.
At that time, many brothers
were sentenced to three years in prison.
This was even longer
than my father’s prison sentence.
However, there was a change.
The brothers had been tried
in military tribunals for decades,
but in 2001,
the cases were moved to civilian courts.
I refused to enlist in November 2001,
and so I was arrested.
I wanted to defend Jehovah’s name
and my stance
on Christian neutrality in court,
so I requested bail.
Surprisingly, my request was granted.
It was the first time
anyone was released on bail
under the Military Service Act.
As I walked out of the jail cell,
I realized that Jehovah had opened
the door for us to fight this legal battle.
In court,
we felt the fulfillment of Jesus’ promise
to his disciples in Matthew chapter 10:
“What you are to speak
will be given you in that hour.”
I claimed my innocence
in the courts for two years.
Although I received a guilty decision
in the initial and appeal trials,
I appealed to the Supreme Court.
Unfortunately, my case was dismissed,
and I was imprisoned once again.
But while I was in prison,
another door opened.
With the help of our brothers
and human rights groups,
I filed a complaint
with the U.N. Human Rights Committee
to raise awareness
in the international community.
In 2006,
the U.N. Human Rights Committee
declared that imprisoning
conscientious objectors
was a violation of human rights
and it firmly stated
that the South Korean government
is obligated to compensate
the complainant, Brother Yeo-bum Yoon.
During this time, the Governing Body
arranged for the brothers at the Korea branch
to work
with the World Headquarters Legal Department.
This was an important turning point
in the legal fight for the Korean brothers.
André and I felt
so privileged when we arrived
to deliver letters from the Governing Body
to our dear brothers in prison in Korea.
At that time,
there were almost a thousand of them.
There were
about 150 young brothers facing trial,
so a legal package was compiled
so that the elders could prepare
the young brothers for their trial.
You remember, Philip,
the meetings with the 10,000 elders?
I do.
They were just excited
at the prospect of this new strategy.
I was very fortunate.
Unlike my father, I had the opportunity
to clearly state my case in court.
The elders in my congregation helped me
to go over the legal packet
provided by the branch
and a lot of other materials
to prepare me for the trial.
Thanks to their help,
I no longer felt afraid.
And I was eager for the trial to start
so that I could courageously
and boldly convey my faith.
Although I ended up serving time in prison,
I received hundreds of letters
from brothers and sisters around the world.
Those letters really helped me
to endure with happiness.
Close to 500 complaints were filed
with the United Nations
Human Rights Committee
on behalf of these brothers.
The committee ruled in favor
of the brothers every time!
And, really, all of this
is in harmony with the principle,
the admonition we find at 2 Kings 13:19
—that is, to strike
our arrows repeatedly on the ground.
These wonderful international decisions,
along with the fine efforts
of our young brothers in court
who had been prepared by the elders,
sent shock waves
through the legal system in Korea.
Jehovah has greatly blessed
the various efforts made not only in Korea
but also internationally.
The majority of the brothers
made their defense without a lawyer,
skillfully using only the legal packet.
As a result, local courts throughout Korea
rendered more than 100 not-guilty decisions.
How did this affect
the Supreme Court’s decision?
On June 28, 2018,
the Constitutional Court of Korea
ruled that an individual’s right
to refuse military service
according to his own conscience
should be protected
by the Constitution of Korea.
Furthermore, it declared that the government
must provide and implement
alternative service by 2020.
So now it was the Supreme Court’s turn
to respond to this historic decision
by the Constitutional Court.
All attention was focused on whether or not
it would protect the conscientious objectors
and declare our brothers not guilty.
The Supreme Court
held a public hearing on August 30.
What preparations were made,
and what was the result?
The Governing Body
made some very loving arrangements
through the Legal Department
at world headquarters.
They had 14 lawyers
from five branches around the world
assist us to thoroughly prepare
for the public hearing.
The public hearing
was broadcast live on the Internet.
Later, many brothers told us
that they were watching the hearing
and praying earnestly for us.
Thanks to their support,
we were able to respond appropriately
to the judges’ aggressive questions.
As stated at 1 Peter 3:15,
we did so
with “a mild temper and deep respect.”
Just two months
after the August 30 public hearing,
the Supreme Court announced
that the defendant was not guilty.
In effect, the highest court confirmed
that Jehovah’s Witnesses were not criminals.
This historic ruling is the result
of the faithful endurance
of over 19,000 brothers,
along with the tears
and the sacrifices of their families.
I believe these momentous legal victories
were possible
because of their deep love for Jehovah
and their long history of faith and courage.
Our Korean brothers suffered injustice
and went to prison
rather than violate their conscience.
They remembered 1 Peter 2:20:
“If you endure suffering
because of doing good,
this is an agreeable thing to God.”
We rejoice that their courageous stand
has finally been recognized
and that this injustice has ended.
This historic legal victory
and the integrity of the Korean brothers
have certainly exalted Jehovah’s name
and upheld his sovereignty.
When all the imprisoned brothers
were finally released,
brothers and sisters
around the world rejoiced.
No doubt all of us are united
in sincere thanks to our Father, Jehovah,
for this wonderful triumph.
Jehovah gave our Korean brothers
the strength to endure
with faith and courage.
We are confident that he will do the same
for all our beloved brothers
and sisters around the world
who are imprisoned because of their faith.